hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down for you the 2017 action
sci-fi thriller called ghost in the
shell
if you like sci-fi movies that have been
based on popular anime you'll definitely
like this one the film is set in the
next century when humans coexist with
cyborgs who are part human heart machine
and park computer
in the near future the lead character
mara killian is the first of her kind
a human who is cyber enhanced to be the
perfect soldier devoted to stopping the
world's most dangerous criminals
when terrorism reaches a new level that
includes the ability to hack into
people's minds and control them she's
uniquely qualified to stop it as she
prepares to face a new enemy mera
discovers that her life was stolen
instead of saved now she will stop at
nothing to recover her past while
punishing those who did this to her
morning this is a spoiler alert but at
least you will get to know what the
movie is about and whether you want to
watch it or not hope you enjoy this full
movie recap and don't forget to comment
in the near future humans are augmented
with cybernetic improvements traits such
as vision strength and intelligence
augmentation developer hanker robotics
establishes a secret project to develop
an artificial body or shell that can
integrate the human brain rather than an
ai
mara killian the sole survivor of a
cyber terrorist attack that killed her
parents is chosen as the test subject
after her body is damaged beyond repair
in what appears to be some sort of
emergency room we see a medical team
bring in the badly injured mirror she is
reborn as a cyborg with her brain still
intact
as she regains consciousness she seems
to have difficulty breathing and seems
confused about where she is and what is
happening that is when she meets dr
allen who closely monitors her condition
as she explains to mera that she was the
sole survivor of a boat being attacked
by rebel cyber terrorists and that both
her parents were killed she explains
that as her body was injured so badly
and beyond repair she had no choice but
to replace it with a synthetic shell
dr outlet is seen talking to cutter the
hanker robotic ceos she tells him about
mira's new body and her extraordinary
abilities calling her the first of her
kind
he decides to use her as a
counter-terrorism operative despite dr
owlett saying she is not ready for that
yet
a year later mara killian has attained
the rank of major in the
counter-terrorism bureau section 9
working alongside operatives badu and
tabusa under chief aramaki in the next
scene we see her on a counter-terrorism
operation her unit is assigned to
investigate an evil foreign operative
who wants political asylum
she is listening to a meeting going on
at a hank of business conference
hong kong representative dr osman and an
african ambassador are talking that is
when she informs aramaki that someone
else is scanning data traffic and that
the officials in the meeting are in
danger that is when a group of men open
fire on the other men in the meeting and
a robotic gisha starts attacking people
in the conference room see ms mara takes
action despite aramaki not clearing it
she jumps from the top of the building
and goes into invisible mode to take on
the men attacking the officials
during the attack a gisha robot manages
to extract information from dr ozman's
neck before killing him
mera invisible takes out the attackers
before engaging with the geisha robot
and also successfully taking it out but
it says something to her before dying
which confuses her when her fellow
operative battle arrives at the scene he
notices that her wrist is injured and it
looks similar to that the gisha robot
mero walks away from the scene saying
that it is not the same
mara who experiences hallucinations that
dr outlet dismisses as glitches is
troubled by how little she remembers of
her past she injects herself with
medication provided by the company we
then see her walking through crowded
streets until she gets to the section
nine headquarters mira badu of tagusa
and carlos discussed the attack when
aramaki walks in
they then learned that three other
high-ranking scientists from henko were
also killed the same night all three
victims showed signs of cerebral hacking
just like what happened to dr ozman they
then learned that the gisha was hacked
by an unknown entity known as kyus and
mera nevada decide to go and find out
what was recovered from the geisha robot
before they leave aramaki has a private
word with mera about her disobeying
orders but she defends herself by saying
that more people would have died if she
didn't do anything he tells her that she
is his responsibility and that she is
much more than just a weapon to hunt
down rebels it reminds her that she has
a soul a ghost
mera and batu are seen strolling through
the streets he buys meat and feeds it to
some stray dogs that he has been taken
care of in the car he asks mera about
her parents to which she replies that
they were refugees trying to get into
the country on boat but before they
arrived their boat was attacked by
rebels and the boats sunk and they both
died
that is when she sees another glitch as
she struggles to recall her memories
they arrive at the hanker robotics
headquarters and mira meets with dr
outlet so she can get repairs to her
body she tells the doctor that she is
seeing more flashes of memories more
than usual but dr outlet just dismisses
them as hallucinations caused by her
injuries mara and batu then meet with dr
dahlin who is examining the body of the
geisha robot she informs them both that
it is badly damaged mira then breaks
protocol and does a deep dive into its
ai for answers
dr dahlin advises against it as it may
expose mira to having her mind hacked by
any malware in the geisha system
while performing the deep dive the
entity or cues to be more precise
attempts a counter-hack and fatou is
forced to disconnect her they trace cues
to a yakuza nightclub where they are
lured into a trap
an explosion destroys badu's eyes and
damages mira's body learning about this
cutter is enraged by her actions and
threatens to have section 9 shut down
unless aramaki keeps her in line while
dr outlet repairs mira's injuries she
shares with the doctor that was like
cues was waiting for her
battle also receives cybernetic eyes to
replace his damaged ones when mera
visits him he reminds her to feed his
dogs as he's concerned they may be
scared of his new appearance hughes
tracks down dr dalin and kills her the
team links her murder to the deaths of
other senior company researchers and
realize that dr outlet is the next
target
hughes takes control of two sanitation
workers and sends them to kill alet they
smash their truck into dr owlett's car
they then shoot her driver but just in
time mera and her squad arrive on the
scene badou kills one while the mirror
subdues the other while they interrogate
the worker hughes speaks through him
before compelling him to commit suicide
tagusa traces the hack to a secret
location where the team discovers a
large number of humans mentally linked
as a makeshift signal network
another shootout happens which causes
instant chaos
mera finds cues connected to a network
with other humanoid cyborg bodies they
form a circle and seem to have one
common source of thoughts he's using
human minds to create a network of his
own thus making him extremely powerful
as he can control his subjects as she
investigates further a group of men
attack her from behind electrocuting her
and causing her to fall to the ground
hughes then enters the scene and comes
face to face with mira he connects her
to his network and then reveals that he
is a failed henka test subject from the
same project that created her he urges
her to question her own memories and to
stop taking her medication as it
actually helps to block her memories
hughes then frees her and escapes
according to him the shell her body
belongs to the company but not the ghost
her soul that night she confronts dr
alet about this revelation
feeling sympathetic towards meera she
admits that 98 test subjects die before
her and that her memories are implanted
her body did not come from a boat
accident and her parents did not die the
way she had believed all these years
mira was the first successful experiment
cutter has decided that mara is a
liability and orders outlet to kill her
after she returns to hanker robotics
instead owlette gives mira an address
and helps her escape cutter kills alet
but blames mira saying that she has gone
rogue he informs aramaki and the team
that mera must be terminated mara
follows the address to an apartment
occupied by a widowed mother who reveals
that her daughter motoko kusanani ran
away from home a year ago and was
arrested while in custody she was told
that her daughter motoko took her own
life mira leaves confused with her
emotions she contacts aramaki and
explains that she was just an experiment
and that the hacker cues was just like
her aramaki tells mira that dr outlet is
dead and that cutter has informed
everyone that mira killed her they both
know the truth and that cutter is
eave-dropping on their conversation but
they allow that to happen as they plan
their next move
aramaki gets in his car then pouring
rain and tells his team to switch over
to secure communications that is when
cutter's men start shooting at his car
he pretends to be dead but when they get
close he easily takes them out
cutter sends his men to take out the
rest of the section 9 members but badu
and tagusa take them out
meanwhile mara follows her memories to
the hideaway where matoka was last seen
their she and cues meet and recall their
past lives as anti-augmentation radicals
who were abducted by henka as test
subjects cutter deploys a spider tank to
kill him hughes nearly dies before mira
is able to tear out the tank's motor
control center losing an arm in the
process
mortally wounded hughes asks mera to go
with him as there is no place for them
there she refuses saying no i'm not
ready to leave i belong here hughes says
he will always be with her and her ghost
and then fades out then a hankus sniper
kills him
badou and the team rescue miran while
aramaki executes qatar with her consent
the next day now repaired and embracing
her true identity as the japanese matoko
mira reconnects with her mother and
returns to work with section nine eaten
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
if you like this video please comment
below
thanks for watching